Dear Friend , We know you are interested in receiving 
cutting-edge intelligence ! If you no longer wish to 
receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our club . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2316 ; Title 9 ; Section 303 . THIS IS 
NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich in 35 weeks . Have you ever 
noticed most everyone has a cellphone and most everyone 
has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU use credit cards on your 
website and deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
! The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us ! Prof Jones 
who resides in Indiana tried us and says "Now I'm rich, 
Rich, RICH" . We are a BBB member in good standing 
! Do not delay - order today ! Sign up a friend and 
your friend will be rich too . Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer . Dear Cybercitizen ; Especially 
for you - this cutting-edge info ! If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our database ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1621 ; Title 9 , Section 
302 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 55 days . Have you ever noticed people will 
do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills and 
society seems to be moving faster and faster . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 120% and 
SELL MORE . You can begin at absolutely no cost to 
you . But don't believe us . Mrs Jones who resides 
in Washington tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" ! We are licensed to 
operate in all states ! Do not go to sleep without 
ordering . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 30% . Best regards ! 